Add BuildResult (#135)
Malax/libcnb.rs: CHANGELOG.md

- Introduced `Buildpack` trait that needs to be implemented for each buildpack
- `cnb_runtime()` now requires a `Buildpack` instead of `detect` and `build` functions.
- `ErrorHandler` has been removed. Functionality is now part of the new `Buildpack` trait.

> - `build` now returns `Result<BuildOutcome, E>` instead of `Result<(), E>`. Construct `BuildOutcome` values by using the new `BuildOutcomeBuilder`.
> - `DetectOutcome` is no longer an enum and needs to be constructed with a `DetectOutcomeBuilder`.
> - `BuildContext#write_launch` was removed. Return a `Launch` value from `build` via `BuildOutcome` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `build` now returns `Result<BuildResult, E>` instead of `Result<(), E>`. Construct `BuildResult` values by using the new `BuildResultBuilder`.
- `detect` now returns `DetectResult` instead of a `DetectOutcome` enum. Construct `DetectResult` values by using the new `DetectResultBuilder`.
- `BuildContext#write_launch` was removed. Return a `Launch` value from `build` via `BuildResult` instead.
```
